In this class, I explored in depth the topic of Digital Humanities, something I was initially new to. My initial understanding of the topic was that it was the study of the effect of technology on society. While I would confidently stick with that interpretation, I have come to realize just how much can fall under that branch. I became familiar with many new words and phrases like jargon, peer review, and shitty first drafts, and this was the class where I *finally* learned how to tweet. 

One of the first things I learned was, of course, **Github**. I had never used any site like it, and it took some time to figure it out. I remember asking my professor how to start a blog. It was initially frustrating when I wasn't even able to add a photograph correctly. But as time went along, I started to understand it. We completed multiple topics in the blogs, from talking about ourselves in a introductory blog to us reflecting on a computer coding project. I had done a computer science class prior to this semester, but what we had gone over was nothing like what we were about to do in class. I remember this being the highest point of my frustration in comprehending this subject. I couldn't wrap my head around how this in any way related to a writing class. It wasn't until I went over one of the first few slides early in the semester which visualized what topics could be considered Digital Humanities and why. After that point, everything clicked. The actual coding part of the project was broken down to the point where it became decreasingly daunting and the only hard part was figuring out how to add the photos to the blog. 

After the coding project, the final project of the semester didn't seem so bad. While grant proposals are an extension of English that I had never done before, I was facing it with more confidence then I had with other projects before. Just like the computer coding project, it was broken down in smaller steps that made it simpler to work with. I think for me, doing it with a partner helped a lot. Together, we were able to brainstorm a bunch of proposals for our professor, which she then critiqued and advised accordingly. After we narrowed it down to **Crime Families in New York,** everything became simple enough to complete. 
